add paragraph on standing assumptions in the paper (#561)
fpvandoorn/carleson: paper/main.tex

As a side effect of the formalization project, once the main result had been formalized we were able to check that, replacing $D := 2^{100a^2}$ by $2^{7a^2}$, the results still hold without needing to make any adjustments to the proofs. This improves the constant appearing in the main theorem by an order of magnitude.

\subsection{Standing assumptions and the \texttt{ProofData} pattern}\label{subsec:proof_data}

Mathematical papers often contain standing assumptions, that are in place for
all the statements in the paper, or in a specific section. This avoids
tedious repetition in the statements, sometimes at a slight expense in
readability as the reader has to locate the places where such standing
assumptions are made. Such a practice is especially important when the
standing assumptions are lengthy and technical.

The standing assumptions for the statement of the generalization of
Carleson's theorem are quite formidable. We will not repeat them here,
see~\cite[Theorem~1.1.1]{CarlesonBlueprint} for details. Let us just mention
that they involve a metric space $X$, a measure $\mu$ on $X$ which is

> doubling for a constant $2^a$, a family $\Theta$ of functions from $X$ to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a doubling measure for a constant $2^a$, a family $\Theta$ of functions from $X$ to
```
maybe?

Author: "a measure which is doubling" looks better to me than "a measure which is a doubling measure". No?

Reviewer: ... if "doubling measure" is a property of a measure (as opposed to "doubling measure" being a separate concept), yes. Intuitively, I'd think of "doubling measure" as the latter... what do you think about "a doubling measure on $X$ (for a constant $2^a$)"?
As for the others, I don't feel very strongly here.

Author: Yes, it's an additional property of a measure (like inner-regular, or nonatomic, or whatever).

$\real$, a distance on $\Theta$ satisfying five properties as well as a

> cancellativity condition, and a kernel $K : X \times X \to \real$ with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cancellativity condition, and a kernel $K\colon X \times X \to \real$ with
```

> Calderón-Zygmund like properties. The proofs involve even more additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calderón--Zygmund like properties. The proofs involve even more additional
```
these were two authors

data, notably two bounded measurable sets $F$ and $G$, an integrability
exponent $q \in (1, 2]$ and two measurable functions $\sigma_1$ and
$\sigma_2$ with finite range.

One possibility to solve this issue in the formalization would be to say that
there is no issue, and include as assumptions in each lemma the minimal
subset of the standing assumptions that is necessary for the statement to
make sense. This would come at a high readability cost. Moreover, each time
one applies such a lemma one would need to provide the individual assumptions
as a long list of parameters to the lemma.

It is a better idea to try to import in the formalization the practice of

> standing assumptions, in some form. One possibility would be to define a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
standing assumptions, in some form. One option is to define a
```
might be subjective!

Author: I prefer the "would be" because of the "would be" in the next sentence, for coherence. Ok for "option" instead of "possibility" if you like it better.

Reviewer: "possibility" repeats with the previous paragraph... so I slightly prefer option.

> standing assumptions, in some form. One possibility would be to define a

Author: ```suggestion
standing assumptions, in some form. One option would be to define a
```

structure containing all these standing assumptions, and have it as a
parameter in every lemma and every definition. The readability cost would be
minor, but still there. In the Carleson project, we have used another

> strategy, making all the standing assumptions completely implicit -- in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
strategy, making all the standing assumptions completely implicit --- in
```

particular, we do not need to pass them between lemmas. The implementation
takes advantage of a feature of the language, typeclasses, initially designed
for a completely different purpose.

The way to declare that a space is a metric space is the following line:
\begin{minted}{lean}
variable {X : Type*} [MetricSpace X]
\end{minted}
The declaration between square brackets is the typeclass. When one writes the

> distance \texttt{dist x y} between two points $x$ and $y$ of $X$, the system

Reviewer: Does this work?
```suggestion
distance \lean{dist x y} between two points $x$ and $y$ of $X$, the system
```

Author: It's exactly the same output as far as I can tell, but one is much faster than the other. I think that minted is only useful when there is syntactic coloring.

Reviewer: \lean is a semantic macro (which is nice when we'd want to change the style of all such operations).
If compilation speed is so different, that's a fair argument. I don't feel very strongly.

Author: Yes, the compilation speed is different by an order of magnitude. In fact I had started with \lean everywhere, and compilation had become unbearably slow, which is why I switched back.

Reviewer 2: Does either of you know whether using `listings` instead of `minted` would speed up the compilation time?

Author: Yes, listings is quicker. But I think minted is also perfectly acceptable. Since you've already set it up, I think it's fine to stay with minted.

tries to locate such a metric space typeclass on $X$, and uses the distance
provided by this typeclass. The same system is used to provide algebraic

> operations on types, and properties of these.

Reviewer: Should we add a reference about such uses (such as https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ITP.2022.4)?

Author: I'm not sure, since it's only basic use.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it is needed here.

> Typeclasses can be used as a device to embody standing assumptions, as

Reviewer: minor suggestion, might be subjective:
```suggestion
Typeclasses can be used to capture standing assumptions as
```

Author: I don't understand your suggestion. Did you mean "to capture standing assumptions as"?

Reviewer: Err, indeed (fixed now).

> follows. Let us declare a new typeclass, of the form \texttt{[KernelProofData

Reviewer: ```suggestion
follows. Let us declare a new typeclass, of the form \lean{[KernelProofData
```
